Pitch:

I moved to Chicago a couple of months ago to do CodeAcademy.
Besides emersing myself in the web development world, I wanted to be able to give back and volunteer a couple of hours.

What I found was that finding a volunteer opportunity was hard.
I didn't know where to begin and when I finally found a list of organizations and opportunities, I had no idea if the organization was legit and who I would be volunteering with.

So I decided to create Voluntr.me
Voluntr.me makes it easy for me to discover volunteer opportunities.  
It allows me to see all of the upcoming volunteer events and learn about each organization.  
Voluntr.me is also integrated with social networks so I can see all of the events and organizations my friends help out with and encourage my friends to join me when I signup for a event.

We have not figured out a revenue model at thi



 
User Stories

1.	I want to see a list of organizations I can volunteer at. 

2.	I want to be able to sign up for volunteer opportunities/ contact the orginization

3.	I want to be able to view the organization profile 

4.	I want to be able to view the volunteer event page and see the other attendees

5.	I want to have my own profile page 

6.	I want to see what I have signed up for

7.	I want to see the organizations my friends volunteer at. 

8.	I want to be able to see users/friends profiles 

9.	I want to be able to rate and review my experience

10.	 I want to be able to search for users, and experiences 

11.	I want to be able to boast about my experiences through facebook (timeline/newsfeed integration)


